Update/indirect-selection (#8492)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/indirect-selection.md

import IndirSelect from '/snippets/_indirect-selection-definitions.md';

> **Indirect selection** determines which tests to run when you select models or other resources. It applies to tests that are related to your selected resources through relationships in your DAG &mdash; for example, tests on upstream or downstream models, or tests that reference multiple models.

Author: ```suggestion
Indirect selection determines which tests to run when you select models or other resources. It applies to tests that are related to your selected resources through relationships in your DAG &mdash; for example, tests on upstream or downstream models, or tests that reference multiple models.
```

> Use the `--indirect-selection` flag with `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure this behavior. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt Core, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `flags:` block of `dbt_project.yml`, which sets project-level flags.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `--indirect-selection` flag with `dbt test` or `dbt build` to configure this behavior. You can set this as a CLI flag or an environment variable. In dbt <Constant name="core"/>, you can also configure user configurations in [YAML selectors](/reference/node-selection/yaml-selectors) or in the `flags:` block of `dbt_project.yml`, which sets project-level flags.
```

:::tip Indirect selection happens by default

> Even without explicitly using the `--indirect-selection` flag, dbt uses indirect selection when you run commands like `dbt test --select "stg_customers+"`. The default mode is `eager`, which runs all tests that reference your selected models. For example, `dbt test --select fct_orders` will run tests on `fct_orders`, but also tests in upstream models like `fct_order_items` if those tests reference `fct_orders`.

Author: ```suggestion
Even without explicitly using the [`--indirect-selection` flag](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=eager#indirect-selection), dbt uses indirect selection when you run commands like `dbt test --select "stg_customers+"`. The default mode is `eager`, which runs all tests that reference your selected models. For example, `dbt test --select fct_orders` will run tests on `fct_orders`, but also tests in upstream models like `fct_order_items` if those tests reference `fct_orders`.
```

> Even without explicitly using the [`--indirect-selection` flag](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=eager#indirect-selection), dbt uses indirect selection when you run commands like `dbt test --select "stg_customers+"`. The default mode is `eager`, which runs all tests that reference your selected models. For example, `dbt test --select fct_orders` will run tests on `fct_orders`, but also tests in upstream models like `fct_order_items` if those tests reference `fct_orders`.

Reviewer: Suggest we change the examples here to match the generic ones used further down on this page in the graphic since there are no other mappings to the Jaffle Shop on this page
```suggestion
Even without explicitly using the [`--indirect-selection` flag](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=eager#indirect-selection), dbt uses indirect selection when you run commands like `dbt test --select "stg_model_a+"`. The default mode is `eager`, which runs all tests that reference your selected models. For example, `dbt test --select model_b` will run tests defined on `model_b`, as well as tests defined on upstream models if those tests reference `model_b`. 
```

Author: good shout! i'm going to re-add the upstream models bit to ensure clarify:

Even without explicitly using the [`--indirect-selection` flag](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples?indirect-selection-mode=eager#indirect-selection), dbt uses indirect selection when you run commands like `dbt test --select "stg_model_a+"`. The default mode is `eager`, which runs all tests that reference your selected models. For example, `dbt test --select model_b` will run tests defined on `model_b`, as well as tests defined on upstream models if those tests reference `model_b`.
